# Sports-Cards-Web-Scraper
This program fetches details such as price, card title, vendor, and image links for graded and ungraded sports cards from the website www.sportscardspro.com, and adds them to a csv file which can be extracted by the user. To execute this process, the user inputs the url after searching for the card on www.sportscardspro.com, as well as the grade for the particular card they wish to add, and runs the corresponding code blocks in the program. When they are done adding cards, they can export the csv file by running the final code block. **NOTE: The user should have a google sheets file that follows the product template in their google drive in order to run this program. A template file can be downloaded from this repository (product_template.csv). There is also another file (products.csv) which includes 25 sports cards that are pre-filled.

The csv file which is exported by this program can be applied for the purpose of managing inventory/stock of the user's sports cards. The format of the file is optimized for upload to a shopify store website.

To use this program, download the file 'Sports_Cards_Details_Web_Scraper.ipynb' and open it with Google Colab. Also download either the 'product_template.csv' or 'products.csv' file according to user preference and upload it to your google drive. Then simply follow the instructions within the ipynb file to access the csv file from your google drive and execute the code blocks that are required to add your cards.
